.rn '' }`
''' $RCSfile$$Revision$$Date$
'''
''' $Log$
'''
.de Sh
.br
.if t .Sp
.ne 5
.PP
\fB\\$1\fR
.PP
..
.de Sp
.if t .sp .5v
.if n .sp
..
.de Ip
.br
.ie \\n(.$>=3 .ne \\$3
.el .ne 3
.IP "\\$1" \\$2
..
.de Vb
.ft CW
.nf
.ne \\$1
..
.de Ve
.ft R

.fi
..
'''
'''
'''     Set up \*(-- to give an unbreakable dash;
'''     string Tr holds user defined translation string.
'''     Bell System Logo is used as a dummy character.
'''
.tr \(*W-|\(bv\*(Tr
.ie n \{\
.ds -- \(*W-
.ds PI pi
.if (\n(.H=4u)&(1m=24u) .ds -- \(*W\h'-12u'\(*W\h'-12u'-\" diablo 10 pitch
.if (\n(.H=4u)&(1m=20u) .ds -- \(*W\h'-12u'\(*W\h'-8u'-\" diablo 12 pitch
.ds L" ""
.ds R" ""
'''   \*(M", \*(S", \*(N" and \*(T" are the equivalent of
'''   \*(L" and \*(R", except that they are used on ".xx" lines,
'''   such as .IP and .SH, which do another additional levels of
'''   double-quote interpretation
.ds M" """
.ds S" """
.ds N" """""
.ds T" """""
.ds L' '
.ds R' '
.ds M' '
.ds S' '
.ds N' '
.ds T' '
'br\}
.el\{\
.ds -- \(em\|
.tr \*(Tr
.ds L" ``
.ds R" ''
.ds M" ``
.ds S" ''
.ds N" ``
.ds T" ''
.ds L' `
.ds R' '
.ds M' `
.ds S' '
.ds N' `
.ds T' '
.ds PI \(*p
'br\}
.\"	If the F register is turned on, we'll generate
.\"	index entries out stderr for the following things:
.\"		TH	Title 
.\"		SH	Header
.\"		Sh	Subsection 
.\"		Ip	Item
.\"		X<>	Xref  (embedded
.\"	Of course, you have to process the output yourself
.\"	in some meaninful fashion.
.if \nF \{
.de IX
.tm Index:\\$1\t\\n%\t"\\$2"
..
.nr % 0
.rr F
.\}
.TH SIZE 1 "binutils-2.11.90" "14/Sep/101" "GNU"
.UC
.if n .hy 0
.ds C+ C\v'-.1v'\h'-1p'\s-2+\h'-1p'+\s0\v'.1v'\h'-1p'
.de CQ          \" put $1 in typewriter font
.ft CW
'if n "\c
'if t \\&\\$1\c
'if n \\&\\$1\c
'if n \&"
\\&\\$2 \\$3 \\$4 \\$5 \\$6 \\$7
'.ft R
..
.\" @(#)ms.acc 1.5 88/02/08 SMI; from UCB 4.2
.	\" AM - accent mark definitions
.bd B 3
.	\" fudge factors for nroff and troff
.if n \{\
.	ds #H 0
.	ds #V .8m
.	ds #F .3m
.	ds #[ \f1
.	ds #] \fP
.\}
.if t \{\
.	ds #H ((1u-(\\\\n(.fu%2u))*.13m)
.	ds #V .6m
.	ds #F 0
.	ds #[ \&
.	ds #] \&
.\}
.	\" simple accents for nroff and troff
.if n \{\
.	ds ' \&
.	ds ` \&
.	ds ^ \&
.	ds , \&
.	ds ~ ~
.	ds ? ?
.	ds ! !
.	ds /
.	ds q
.\}
.if t \{\
.	ds ' \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H)'\'\h"|\\n:u"
.	ds ` \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H)'\`\h'|\\n:u'
.	ds ^ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*10/11-\*(#H)'^\h'|\\n:u'
.	ds , \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10)',\h'|\\n:u'
.	ds ~ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu-\*(#H-.1m)'~\h'|\\n:u'
.	ds ? \s-2c\h'-\w'c'u*7/10'\u\h'\*(#H'\zi\d\s+2\h'\w'c'u*8/10'
.	ds ! \s-2\(or\s+2\h'-\w'\(or'u'\v'-.8m'.\v'.8m'
.	ds / \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H)'\z\(sl\h'|\\n:u'
.	ds q o\h'-\w'o'u*8/10'\s-4\v'.4m'\z\(*i\v'-.4m'\s+4\h'\w'o'u*8/10'
.\}
.	\" troff and (daisy-wheel) nroff accents
.ds : \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H+.1m+\*(#F)'\v'-\*(#V'\z.\h'.2m+\*(#F'.\h'|\\n:u'\v'\*(#V'
.ds 8 \h'\*(#H'\(*b\h'-\*(#H'
.ds v \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*9/10-\*(#H)'\v'-\*(#V'\*(#[\s-4v\s0\v'\*(#V'\h'|\\n:u'\*(#]
.ds _ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*9/10-\*(#H+(\*(#F*2/3))'\v'-.4m'\z\(hy\v'.4m'\h'|\\n:u'
.ds . \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10)'\v'\*(#V*4/10'\z.\v'-\*(#V*4/10'\h'|\\n:u'
.ds 3 \*(#[\v'.2m'\s-2\&3\s0\v'-.2m'\*(#]
.ds o \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu+\w'\(de'u-\*(#H)/2u'\v'-.3n'\*(#[\z\(de\v'.3n'\h'|\\n:u'\*(#]
.ds d- \h'\*(#H'\(pd\h'-\w'~'u'\v'-.25m'\f2\(hy\fP\v'.25m'\h'-\*(#H'
.ds D- D\\k:\h'-\w'D'u'\v'-.11m'\z\(hy\v'.11m'\h'|\\n:u'
.ds th \*(#[\v'.3m'\s+1I\s-1\v'-.3m'\h'-(\w'I'u*2/3)'\s-1o\s+1\*(#]
.ds Th \*(#[\s+2I\s-2\h'-\w'I'u*3/5'\v'-.3m'o\v'.3m'\*(#]
.ds ae a\h'-(\w'a'u*4/10)'e
.ds Ae A\h'-(\w'A'u*4/10)'E
.ds oe o\h'-(\w'o'u*4/10)'e
.ds Oe O\h'-(\w'O'u*4/10)'E
.	\" corrections for vroff
.if v .ds ~ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*9/10-\*(#H)'\s-2\u~\d\s+2\h'|\\n:u'
.if v .ds ^ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*10/11-\*(#H)'\v'-.4m'^\v'.4m'\h'|\\n:u'
.	\" for low resolution devices (crt and lpr)
.if \n(.H>23 .if \n(.V>19 \
\{\
.	ds : e
.	ds 8 ss
.	ds v \h'-1'\o'\(aa\(ga'
.	ds _ \h'-1'^
.	ds . \h'-1'.
.	ds 3 3
.	ds o a
.	ds d- d\h'-1'\(ga
.	ds D- D\h'-1'\(hy
.	ds th \o'bp'
.	ds Th \o'LP'
.	ds ae ae
.	ds Ae AE
.	ds oe oe
.	ds Oe OE
.\}
.rm #[ #] #H #V #F C
.SH "NAME"
size \- list section sizes and total size.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
size [\fB\-A\fR|\fB\-B\fR|\fB--format=\fR\fIcompatibility\fR]
     [\fB--help\fR] [\fB\-d\fR|\fB\-o\fR|\fB\-x\fR|\fB--radix=\fR\fInumber\fR]
     [\fB--target=\fR\fIbfdname\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB--version\fR]  
     [\fIobjfile\fR...]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The GNU \fBsize\fR utility lists the section sizes---and the total
size---for each of the object or archive files \fIobjfile\fR in its
argument list.  By default, one line of output is generated for each
object file or each module in an archive.
.PP
\fIobjfile\fR... are the object files to be examined.
If none are specified, the file \f(CWa.out\fR will be used.
.SH "OPTIONS"
The command line options have the following meanings:
.Ip "\fB\-A\fR" 4
.Ip "\fB\-B\fR" 4
.Ip "\fB--format=\fR\fIcompatibility\fR" 4
Using one of these options, you can choose whether the output from \s-1GNU\s0
\fBsize\fR resembles output from System V \fBsize\fR (using \fB\-A\fR,
or \fB--format=sysv\fR), or Berkeley \fBsize\fR (using \fB\-B\fR, or
\fB--format=berkeley\fR).  The default is the one-line format similar to
Berkeley's.  
.Sp
Here is an example of the Berkeley (default) format of output from
\fBsize\fR: 
	
	$ size --format=Berkeley ranlib size
	text    data    bss     dec     hex     filename
	294880  81920   11592   388392  5ed28   ranlib
	294880  81920   11888   388688  5ee50   size
.Sp
This is the same data, but displayed closer to System V conventions:
.Sp
.Vb 16
\&        
\&        $ size --format=SysV ranlib size
\&        ranlib  :
\&        section         size         addr
\&        .text         294880         8192       
\&        .data          81920       303104       
\&        .bss           11592       385024       
\&        Total         388392    
\&        
\&        
\&        size  :
\&        section         size         addr
\&        .text         294880         8192       
\&        .data          81920       303104       
\&        .bss           11888       385024       
\&        Total         388688    
.Ve
.Ip "\fB--help\fR" 4
Show a summary of acceptable arguments and options.
.Ip "\fB\-d\fR" 4
.Ip "\fB\-o\fR" 4
.Ip "\fB\-x\fR" 4
.Ip "\fB--radix=\fR\fInumber\fR" 4
Using one of these options, you can control whether the size of each
section is given in decimal (\fB\-d\fR, or \fB--radix=10\fR); octal
(\fB\-o\fR, or \fB--radix=8\fR); or hexadecimal (\fB\-x\fR, or
\fB--radix=16\fR).  In \fB--radix=\fR\fInumber\fR, only the three
values (8, 10, 16) are supported.  The total size is always given in two
radices; decimal and hexadecimal for \fB\-d\fR or \fB\-x\fR output, or
octal and hexadecimal if you're using \fB\-o\fR.
.Ip "\fB--target=\fR\fIbfdname\fR" 4
Specify that the object-code format for \fIobjfile\fR is
\fIbfdname\fR.  This option may not be necessary; \fBsize\fR can
automatically recognize many formats.
.Ip "\fB\-V\fR" 4
.Ip "\fB--version\fR" 4
Display the version number of \fBsize\fR.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fIar\fR\|(1), \fIobjdump\fR\|(1), \fIreadelf\fR\|(1), and the Info entries for \fIbinutils\fR.
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
Copyright (c) 1991, 92, 93, 94, 95, 96, 97, 98, 99, 2000, 2001 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
.PP
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.1
or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
with no Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no
Back-Cover Texts.  A copy of the license is included in the
section entitled \*(L"GNU Free Documentation License\*(R".

.rn }` ''
.IX Title "SIZE 1"
.IX Name "size - list section sizes and total size."

.IX Header "NAME"

.IX Header "SYNOPSIS"

.IX Header "DESCRIPTION"

.IX Header "OPTIONS"

.IX Item "\fB\-A\fR"

.IX Item "\fB\-B\fR"

.IX Item "\fB--format=\fR\fIcompatibility\fR"

.IX Item "\fB--help\fR"

.IX Item "\fB\-d\fR"

.IX Item "\fB\-o\fR"

.IX Item "\fB\-x\fR"

.IX Item "\fB--radix=\fR\fInumber\fR"

.IX Item "\fB--target=\fR\fIbfdname\fR"

.IX Item "\fB\-V\fR"

.IX Item "\fB--version\fR"

.IX Header "SEE ALSO"

.IX Header "COPYRIGHT"

