<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/reference.dtd" []>
<reference id="EnableKeyHandlers" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>SetTimeout: To configure flow control timeouts of J1939 network </title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <title>Synopsis</title>
      <codeblock>UINT SetTimeout (BYTE TimeoutType, UINT TimeoutValue )</codeblock>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Description</title>
      <p>This function can be used to configure flow control timeouts in J1939 network.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Inputs</title>
    </section>
    <section>
      <lines>TimeoutType - Timeout type. Possible values are
a. Tb (0): Time interval between two packets in broadcast transmission.
b. Tr (1): Maximum wait period for a sender without receiving response from the receiver.
c.Th (2): Time interval between two &apos;Clear to Send&apos; message when delaying the data.
d.T1 (3): Maximum wait period for a receiver when more packets were expected.
e.T2 (4): Maximum wait period for a receiver to receive data packets after sending &apos;Clear to Send&apos; message.
f.T3 (5): Maximum wait period for a sender to receive &apos;End of Message Acknowledgement&apos; after sending last data packet.
g. T4 (6): Maximum wait period for a sender to receive another &apos;Clear to Send&apos; message after receiving one to delay the data.
TimeoutValue(ms) - Value to be set for the corresponding timeout type.</lines>
      <title>Returns</title>
      <p>TRUE success. FALSE if the handler is already in the specified state</p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
