<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" []>
<topic id="astyle" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Artistic Style - Automatic Formatter Tool</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>Tobias Lorenz</author>
    <copyright>
      <copyryear year="2011"/>
      <copyrholder>ETAS GmbH</copyrholder>
    </copyright>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <section>
      <title>Description</title>
      <p>AStyle is an automatic source code formatter/beautifier tool. It can be adjusted to create an output consistent throughout the project files.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Download</title>
      <p>AStyle is available for download at <xref href="http://astyle.sourceforge.net/" scope="external">http://astyle.sourceforge.net/</xref>. Download the most current version, e.g. <filepath>AStyle_2.02_windows.zip</filepath> (as of 2011-10-25).</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Installation</title>
      <p>Extract the <filepath>AStyle_2.02_windows.zip</filepath> file to <filepath>%ProgramFiles%\AStyle</filepath>. It will create the following folders:</p>
      <ul>
        <li><filepath>bin</filepath>: Contains the program <filepath>AStyle.exe</filepath>.</li>
        <li><filepath>build</filepath> : Contains files to build the source code of AStyle. This is not necessary for BUSMASTER.</li>
        <li><filepath>doc</filepath>: Contains the documentation, which could be helpful for the usage.</li>
        <li><filepath>src</filepath>: Contains the source code of AStyle. This is not necessary for BUSMASTER.</li>
      </ul>
      <p>Only the program <filepath>AStyle.exe</filepath> is necessary for the usage with BUSMASTER. It&apos;s recommended to add the <filepath>bin</filepath> folder to your %PATH% environmental variable.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Configuration</title>
      <p>For BUSMASTER certain AStyle options have been selected based on the ETAS profile:</p>
      <p><codeblock># Bracket Style Options
--style=ansi

# Tab Options

# Indentation Options
--indent-switches
#--indent-namespaces# deleted from ETAS profile
--indent-preprocessor
--indent-col1-comments# added to BUSMASTER profile

# Padding Options
--break-blocks
--delete-empty-lines

# Formatting Options
--add-brackets
--convert-tabs
--align-pointer=type

# Other Options</codeblock></p>
    </section>
    <p>Options can either be given on the command line or via an options file.</p>
    <p>AStyle is also used as part of the static code test bench. The options file with the contents given above is located at <filepath>Tests/AStyle/astyle.txt</filepath>.</p>
    <section>
      <title>Usage</title>
      <p>Go to your command line (e.g. by executing <filepath>cmd</filepath> in the start menu) and type (path to options file need to be adapted):</p>
      <p><cmdname>astyle --options=astyle.txt --recursive *.cpp *.h</cmdname></p>
      <p>This will recursively run over all source code files of BUSMASTER and will adjust the style as necessary. The modifications will be directly done in the respective file. The original unmodified files are available with the file name extension <filepath>.orig</filepath>.</p>
      <p>Before you commit these file to the project repository, make sure that the modifications are useful or adjust them if necessary.</p>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
