<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" []>
<topic id="splint" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Cppcheck - Static Source Code Checker</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>Ratnadip Choudhury</author>
    <copyright>
      <copyryear year="2011"/>
      <copyrholder>ROBERT BOSCH ENGINEERING AND BUSINESS SOLUTIONS LIMITED</copyrholder>
    </copyright>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <section>
      <title>Description</title>
      <p>There are many static source code checkers available and used by Open Source projects.</p>
      <p>Splint is probably the most often used checker. It seamlessly  integrates into the Visual C++ IDE. See the following documentation: <xref href="http://www.splint.org/win32.html" scope="external"/>. Unfortunately it is limited to C and is not able to parse C++ code.</p>
      <p>Cppcheck is another Open Source software, which is able to parse C++ code and is therefore used for BUSMASTER.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Download</title>
      <p>Cppcheck is available under: <xref href="http://cppcheck.sourceforge.net/" scope="external"/>. Just download the most current version, e.g. <filepath>cppcheck-1.50-x86-Setup.msi</filepath> (as of 2011-10-25).</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Installation</title>
      <p>Execute the installer. The standard installation folder is <filepath>C:\Program Files\Cppcheck\</filepath>. Cppcheck should automatically be added to your %PATH% environment variable.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Configuration</title>
      <p>There is no specific configuration of Cppcheck necessary.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Usage</title>
      <p>Execute <cmdname>cppcheck -I. --enable=all %SOURCE_FILES%</cmdname> on the respective files. If you have <cmdname>git-bash</cmdname> or <cmdname>cygwin bash</cmdname> installed, you can do it over all <filepath>.cpp</filepath> and <filepath>.h</filepath> files using <cmdname>find -name &quot;*.[cpp|h]&quot; | xargs cppcheck -I. --enable=all *.cpp *.h</cmdname>.</p>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
