<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" []>
<topic id="doxygen" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Doxygen - Source Code Documentation</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>Ratnadip Choudhury</author>
    <copyright>
      <copyryear year="2011"/>
      <copyrholder>ROBERT BOSCH ENGINEERING AND BUSINESS SOLUTIONS LIMITED</copyrholder>
    </copyright>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>To integrate Doxygen into the Visual C++ IDE, just add it to the external tools. And refer to the config file called Doxyfile use the following documentation:</p>
    <p>The doxygen manual is available at:</p>
    <p><xref href="http://www.testcocoon.org/coveragescanner.html#toc77" scope="external"/></p>
    <p>Comment style has to be changed as follows:</p>
    <p>Current file headers:
<codeblock>
/******************************************************************************
  Project       :  BUSMASTER                                          
  FileName      :  BUSMASTER.cpp     
  Description   :  CBUSMASTERApp class implementation file
  $Log:   X:/Archive/Sources/Application/CAN_Monitor.cpv  $
   
      Rev 1.18   15 Apr 2011 19:59:30   CANMNTTM
   Added RBEI Copyright information.
                                                                           
  Author(s)    :  Amitesh Bharti                                         
  Date Created  :  20.02.2002 
  Modified By   :  Amitesh Bharti, Ratnadip Choudhury, Anish kumar 
  Copyright (c) 2011, Robert Bosch Engineering and Business Solutions.  All rights reserved.
******************************************************************************/
</codeblock></p>
    <p>Doxygen file headers:
<codeblock>
/**
 * \file       BUSMASTER.cpp
 * \brief      CBUSMASTERApp class implementation file
 * \author     Amitesh Bharti                                  [use author  if there is only one]
 * \authors    Amitesh Bharti, Ratnadip Choudhury, Anish kumar [use authors if there are multiple (modifiers)]
 * \date       20.02.2002 Created
 * \date       15.04.2011 Added RBEI Copyright information
 * \copyright  Copyright (c) 2011, Robert Bosch Engineering and Business Solutions.  All rights reserved.
 */
</codeblock></p>
    <p>Current funtion headers:
<codeblock>
/******************************************************************************/
/*  Function Name    :  CBUSMASTERApp                                         */
/*  Input(s)         :                                                        */
/*  Output           :                                                        */
/*  Functionality    :                                                        */
/*                                                                            */
/*  Member of        :  CBUSMASTERApp                                         */
/*  Friend of        :      -                                                 */
/*  Author(s)        :  Amarnath Shastry,Amitesh Bharti                       */
/*  Date Created     :  20.02.2002                                            */
/*  Modification date:  30.12.2002,                                           */
/*  Modification By  :  Amitesh Bharti,                                       */
/*                      Initialise the thread structure.                      */
/*  Modification date:  22.07.2004,                                           */
/*  Modification By  :  Amitesh Bharti,                                       */
/*                      Modofiction due to new DLL Unload thread              */
/******************************************************************************/
</codeblock></p>
    <p>Doxygen function headers:
<codeblock>
/**
 * \brief         Brief description of function
 * \param[in]     a Description of paramter a, if thats inbound
 * \param[out]    a Description of paramter a, if thats outbound
 * \param[in,out] a Description of paramter a, if thats in- and outbound
 * \param         a Description of paramter a, if the direction is unspecified
 * \return        Description of return value
 * \author        Amitesh Bharti                  [use author  if there is only one]
 * \authors       Amarnath Shastry,Amitesh Bharti [use authors if there are multiple (modifiers)]
 * \date          20.02.2002 Created
 * \date          30.12.2002 Amitesh Bharti, Initialise the thread structure.
 * \date          22.07.2004 Amitesh Bharti, Modofiction due to new DLL Unload thread
 *
 * If a long description is necessary, put it here.
 */
int foobar( int a )
</codeblock></p>
  </body>
</topic>
