<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" []>
<topic id="github" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Github Usage - Best Practices</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>Ratnadip Choudhury</author>
    <copyright>
      <copyryear year="2011"/>
      <copyrholder>ROBERT BOSCH ENGINEERING AND BUSINESS SOLUTIONS LIMITED</copyrholder>
    </copyright>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>This describes the four elements of the release process.</p>
    <section>
      <title>Version suffix</title>
      <p>A version suffix is part of the installer download, e.g. <filepath>BUSMASTER Installer V1.0.1.exe</filepath>.
This has the advantage that the download statistics clearly reflect which versions have been downloaded.
Always the former two versions of the BUSMASTER installer along with its current version will be maintained in the repository for download.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Tags</title>
      <p><cmdname>git tag</cmdname> will be executed every time a new BUSMASTER version is released.
This way an older version can easily be retrieved, whenever technical questions on it evolve.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Changelogs</title>
      <p>A <filepath>changelog.txt</filepath> file will be installed together with the application. This is based on the output of “git log”.
It will clearly show which changes have been made since the former version.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Issue tracker</title>
      <p>Anytime an issue is fixed, references to the related commits will be posted to the Issue Tracker.
After the new BUSMASTER version containing the fix is released, this download will also be referenced in the Issue Tracker, before it is finally closed.</p>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
