.rn '' }`
''' $RCSfile$$Revision$$Date$
'''
''' $Log$
'''
.de Sh
.br
.if t .Sp
.ne 5
.PP
\fB\\$1\fR
.PP
..
.de Sp
.if t .sp .5v
.if n .sp
..
.de Ip
.br
.ie \\n(.$>=3 .ne \\$3
.el .ne 3
.IP "\\$1" \\$2
..
.de Vb
.ft CW
.nf
.ne \\$1
..
.de Ve
.ft R

.fi
..
'''
'''
'''     Set up \*(-- to give an unbreakable dash;
'''     string Tr holds user defined translation string.
'''     Bell System Logo is used as a dummy character.
'''
.tr \(*W-|\(bv\*(Tr
.ie n \{\
.ds -- \(*W-
.ds PI pi
.if (\n(.H=4u)&(1m=24u) .ds -- \(*W\h'-12u'\(*W\h'-12u'-\" diablo 10 pitch
.if (\n(.H=4u)&(1m=20u) .ds -- \(*W\h'-12u'\(*W\h'-8u'-\" diablo 12 pitch
.ds L" ""
.ds R" ""
'''   \*(M", \*(S", \*(N" and \*(T" are the equivalent of
'''   \*(L" and \*(R", except that they are used on ".xx" lines,
'''   such as .IP and .SH, which do another additional levels of
'''   double-quote interpretation
.ds M" """
.ds S" """
.ds N" """""
.ds T" """""
.ds L' '
.ds R' '
.ds M' '
.ds S' '
.ds N' '
.ds T' '
'br\}
.el\{\
.ds -- \(em\|
.tr \*(Tr
.ds L" ``
.ds R" ''
.ds M" ``
.ds S" ''
.ds N" ``
.ds T" ''
.ds L' `
.ds R' '
.ds M' `
.ds S' '
.ds N' `
.ds T' '
.ds PI \(*p
'br\}
.\"	If the F register is turned on, we'll generate
.\"	index entries out stderr for the following things:
.\"		TH	Title 
.\"		SH	Header
.\"		Sh	Subsection 
.\"		Ip	Item
.\"		X<>	Xref  (embedded
.\"	Of course, you have to process the output yourself
.\"	in some meaninful fashion.
.if \nF \{
.de IX
.tm Index:\\$1\t\\n%\t"\\$2"
..
.nr % 0
.rr F
.\}
.TH STRIP 1 "binutils-2.11.90" "14/Sep/101" "GNU"
.UC
.if n .hy 0
.ds C+ C\v'-.1v'\h'-1p'\s-2+\h'-1p'+\s0\v'.1v'\h'-1p'
.de CQ          \" put $1 in typewriter font
.ft CW
'if n "\c
'if t \\&\\$1\c
'if n \\&\\$1\c
'if n \&"
\\&\\$2 \\$3 \\$4 \\$5 \\$6 \\$7
'.ft R
..
.\" @(#)ms.acc 1.5 88/02/08 SMI; from UCB 4.2
.	\" AM - accent mark definitions
.bd B 3
.	\" fudge factors for nroff and troff
.if n \{\
.	ds #H 0
.	ds #V .8m
.	ds #F .3m
.	ds #[ \f1
.	ds #] \fP
.\}
.if t \{\
.	ds #H ((1u-(\\\\n(.fu%2u))*.13m)
.	ds #V .6m
.	ds #F 0
.	ds #[ \&
.	ds #] \&
.\}
.	\" simple accents for nroff and troff
.if n \{\
.	ds ' \&
.	ds ` \&
.	ds ^ \&
.	ds , \&
.	ds ~ ~
.	ds ? ?
.	ds ! !
.	ds /
.	ds q
.\}
.if t \{\
.	ds ' \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H)'\'\h"|\\n:u"
.	ds ` \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H)'\`\h'|\\n:u'
.	ds ^ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*10/11-\*(#H)'^\h'|\\n:u'
.	ds , \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10)',\h'|\\n:u'
.	ds ~ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu-\*(#H-.1m)'~\h'|\\n:u'
.	ds ? \s-2c\h'-\w'c'u*7/10'\u\h'\*(#H'\zi\d\s+2\h'\w'c'u*8/10'
.	ds ! \s-2\(or\s+2\h'-\w'\(or'u'\v'-.8m'.\v'.8m'
.	ds / \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H)'\z\(sl\h'|\\n:u'
.	ds q o\h'-\w'o'u*8/10'\s-4\v'.4m'\z\(*i\v'-.4m'\s+4\h'\w'o'u*8/10'
.\}
.	\" troff and (daisy-wheel) nroff accents
.ds : \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H+.1m+\*(#F)'\v'-\*(#V'\z.\h'.2m+\*(#F'.\h'|\\n:u'\v'\*(#V'
.ds 8 \h'\*(#H'\(*b\h'-\*(#H'
.ds v \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*9/10-\*(#H)'\v'-\*(#V'\*(#[\s-4v\s0\v'\*(#V'\h'|\\n:u'\*(#]
.ds _ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*9/10-\*(#H+(\*(#F*2/3))'\v'-.4m'\z\(hy\v'.4m'\h'|\\n:u'
.ds . \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10)'\v'\*(#V*4/10'\z.\v'-\*(#V*4/10'\h'|\\n:u'
.ds 3 \*(#[\v'.2m'\s-2\&3\s0\v'-.2m'\*(#]
.ds o \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu+\w'\(de'u-\*(#H)/2u'\v'-.3n'\*(#[\z\(de\v'.3n'\h'|\\n:u'\*(#]
.ds d- \h'\*(#H'\(pd\h'-\w'~'u'\v'-.25m'\f2\(hy\fP\v'.25m'\h'-\*(#H'
.ds D- D\\k:\h'-\w'D'u'\v'-.11m'\z\(hy\v'.11m'\h'|\\n:u'
.ds th \*(#[\v'.3m'\s+1I\s-1\v'-.3m'\h'-(\w'I'u*2/3)'\s-1o\s+1\*(#]
.ds Th \*(#[\s+2I\s-2\h'-\w'I'u*3/5'\v'-.3m'o\v'.3m'\*(#]
.ds ae a\h'-(\w'a'u*4/10)'e
.ds Ae A\h'-(\w'A'u*4/10)'E
.ds oe o\h'-(\w'o'u*4/10)'e
.ds Oe O\h'-(\w'O'u*4/10)'E
.	\" corrections for vroff
.if v .ds ~ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*9/10-\*(#H)'\s-2\u~\d\s+2\h'|\\n:u'
.if v .ds ^ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*10/11-\*(#H)'\v'-.4m'^\v'.4m'\h'|\\n:u'
.	\" for low resolution devices (crt and lpr)
.if \n(.H>23 .if \n(.V>19 \
\{\
.	ds : e
.	ds 8 ss
.	ds v \h'-1'\o'\(aa\(ga'
.	ds _ \h'-1'^
.	ds . \h'-1'.
.	ds 3 3
.	ds o a
.	ds d- d\h'-1'\(ga
.	ds D- D\h'-1'\(hy
.	ds th \o'bp'
.	ds Th \o'LP'
.	ds ae ae
.	ds Ae AE
.	ds oe oe
.	ds Oe OE
.\}
.rm #[ #] #H #V #F C
.SH "NAME"
strip \- Discard symbols from object files.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
strip [\fB\-F\fR \fIbfdname\fR |\fB--target=\fR\fIbfdname\fR ]
      [\fB\-I\fR \fIbfdname\fR |\fB--input-target=\fR\fIbfdname\fR ]
      [\fB\-O\fR \fIbfdname\fR |\fB--output-target=\fR\fIbfdname\fR ]
      [\fB\-s\fR|\fB--strip-all\fR] [\fB\-S\fR|\fB\-g\fR|\fB--strip-debug\fR]
      [\fB\-K\fR \fIsymbolname\fR |\fB--keep-symbol=\fR\fIsymbolname\fR ]
      [\fB\-N\fR \fIsymbolname\fR |\fB--strip-symbol=\fR\fIsymbolname\fR ]
      [\fB\-x\fR|\fB--discard-all\fR ] [\fB\-X\fR |\fB--discard-locals\fR]
      [\fB\-R\fR \fIsectionname\fR |\fB--remove-section=\fR\fIsectionname\fR ]
      [\fB\-o\fR \fIfile\fR ] [\fB\-p\fR|\fB--preserve-dates\fR]
      [\fB\-v\fR |\fB--verbose\fR]  [\fB\-V\fR|\fB--version\fR] [\fB--help\fR]
      \fIobjfile\fR...
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
GNU \fBstrip\fR discards all symbols from object files
\fIobjfile\fR.  The list of object files may include archives.
At least one object file must be given.
.PP
\fBstrip\fR modifies the files named in its argument,
rather than writing modified copies under different names.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.Ip "\fB\-F\fR \fIbfdname\fR" 4
.Ip "\fB--target=\fR\fIbfdname\fR" 4
Treat the original \fIobjfile\fR as a file with the object
code format \fIbfdname\fR, and rewrite it in the same format.
.Ip "\fB--help\fR" 4
Show a summary of the options to \fBstrip\fR and exit.
.Ip "\fB\-I\fR \fIbfdname\fR\fB	\fR" 4
.Ip "\fB--input-target=\fR\fIbfdname\fR" 4
Treat the original \fIobjfile\fR as a file with the object
code format \fIbfdname\fR.
.Ip "\fB\-O\fR \fIbfdname\fR" 4
.Ip "\fB--output-target=\fR\fIbfdname\fR" 4
Replace \fIobjfile\fR with a file in the output format \fIbfdname\fR.
.Ip "\fB\-R\fR \fIsectionname\fR" 4
.Ip "\fB--remove-section=\fR\fIsectionname\fR" 4
Remove any section named \fIsectionname\fR from the output file.  This
option may be given more than once.  Note that using this option
inappropriately may make the output file unusable.
.Ip "\fB\-s\fR" 4
.Ip "\fB--strip-all\fR" 4
Remove all symbols.
.Ip "\fB\-g\fR" 4
.Ip "\fB\-S\fR" 4
.Ip "\fB--strip-debug\fR" 4
Remove debugging symbols only.
.Ip "\fB--strip-unneeded\fR" 4
Remove all symbols that are not needed for relocation processing.
.Ip "\fB\-K\fR \fIsymbolname\fR" 4
.Ip "\fB--keep-symbol=\fR\fIsymbolname\fR" 4
Keep only symbol \fIsymbolname\fR from the source file.  This option may
be given more than once.
.Ip "\fB\-N\fR \fIsymbolname\fR" 4
.Ip "\fB--strip-symbol=\fR\fIsymbolname\fR" 4
Remove symbol \fIsymbolname\fR from the source file. This option may be
given more than once, and may be combined with strip options other than
\fB\-K\fR.
.Ip "\fB\-o\fR \fIfile\fR" 4
Put the stripped output in \fIfile\fR, rather than replacing the
existing file.  When this argument is used, only one \fIobjfile\fR
argument may be specified.
.Ip "\fB\-p\fR" 4
.Ip "\fB--preserve-dates\fR" 4
Preserve the access and modification dates of the file.
.Ip "\fB\-x\fR" 4
.Ip "\fB--discard-all\fR" 4
Remove non-global symbols.
.Ip "\fB\-X\fR" 4
.Ip "\fB--discard-locals\fR" 4
Remove compiler-generated local symbols.
(These usually start with \fBL\fR or \fB.\fR.)
.Ip "\fB\-V\fR" 4
.Ip "\fB--version\fR" 4
Show the version number for \fBstrip\fR.
.Ip "\fB\-v\fR" 4
.Ip "\fB--verbose\fR" 4
Verbose output: list all object files modified.  In the case of
archives, \fBstrip \-v\fR lists all members of the archive.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
the Info entries for \fIbinutils\fR.
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
Copyright (c) 1991, 92, 93, 94, 95, 96, 97, 98, 99, 2000, 2001 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
.PP
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.1
or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
with no Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no
Back-Cover Texts.  A copy of the license is included in the
section entitled \*(L"GNU Free Documentation License\*(R".

.rn }` ''
.IX Title "STRIP 1"
.IX Name "strip - Discard symbols from object files."

.IX Header "NAME"

.IX Header "SYNOPSIS"

.IX Header "DESCRIPTION"

.IX Header "OPTIONS"

.IX Item "\fB\-F\fR \fIbfdname\fR"

.IX Item "\fB--target=\fR\fIbfdname\fR"

.IX Item "\fB--help\fR"

.IX Item "\fB\-I\fR \fIbfdname\fR\fB	\fR"

.IX Item "\fB--input-target=\fR\fIbfdname\fR"

.IX Item "\fB\-O\fR \fIbfdname\fR"

.IX Item "\fB--output-target=\fR\fIbfdname\fR"

.IX Item "\fB\-R\fR \fIsectionname\fR"

.IX Item "\fB--remove-section=\fR\fIsectionname\fR"

.IX Item "\fB\-s\fR"

.IX Item "\fB--strip-all\fR"

.IX Item "\fB\-g\fR"

.IX Item "\fB\-S\fR"

.IX Item "\fB--strip-debug\fR"

.IX Item "\fB--strip-unneeded\fR"

.IX Item "\fB\-K\fR \fIsymbolname\fR"

.IX Item "\fB--keep-symbol=\fR\fIsymbolname\fR"

.IX Item "\fB\-N\fR \fIsymbolname\fR"

.IX Item "\fB--strip-symbol=\fR\fIsymbolname\fR"

.IX Item "\fB\-o\fR \fIfile\fR"

.IX Item "\fB\-p\fR"

.IX Item "\fB--preserve-dates\fR"

.IX Item "\fB\-x\fR"

.IX Item "\fB--discard-all\fR"

.IX Item "\fB\-X\fR"

.IX Item "\fB--discard-locals\fR"

.IX Item "\fB\-V\fR"

.IX Item "\fB--version\fR"

.IX Item "\fB\-v\fR"

.IX Item "\fB--verbose\fR"

.IX Header "SEE ALSO"

.IX Header "COPYRIGHT"

