.rn '' }`
''' $RCSfile$$Revision$$Date$
'''
''' $Log$
'''
.de Sh
.br
.if t .Sp
.ne 5
.PP
\fB\\$1\fR
.PP
..
.de Sp
.if t .sp .5v
.if n .sp
..
.de Ip
.br
.ie \\n(.$>=3 .ne \\$3
.el .ne 3
.IP "\\$1" \\$2
..
.de Vb
.ft CW
.nf
.ne \\$1
..
.de Ve
.ft R

.fi
..
'''
'''
'''     Set up \*(-- to give an unbreakable dash;
'''     string Tr holds user defined translation string.
'''     Bell System Logo is used as a dummy character.
'''
.tr \(*W-|\(bv\*(Tr
.ie n \{\
.ds -- \(*W-
.ds PI pi
.if (\n(.H=4u)&(1m=24u) .ds -- \(*W\h'-12u'\(*W\h'-12u'-\" diablo 10 pitch
.if (\n(.H=4u)&(1m=20u) .ds -- \(*W\h'-12u'\(*W\h'-8u'-\" diablo 12 pitch
.ds L" ""
.ds R" ""
'''   \*(M", \*(S", \*(N" and \*(T" are the equivalent of
'''   \*(L" and \*(R", except that they are used on ".xx" lines,
'''   such as .IP and .SH, which do another additional levels of
'''   double-quote interpretation
.ds M" """
.ds S" """
.ds N" """""
.ds T" """""
.ds L' '
.ds R' '
.ds M' '
.ds S' '
.ds N' '
.ds T' '
'br\}
.el\{\
.ds -- \(em\|
.tr \*(Tr
.ds L" ``
.ds R" ''
.ds M" ``
.ds S" ''
.ds N" ``
.ds T" ''
.ds L' `
.ds R' '
.ds M' `
.ds S' '
.ds N' `
.ds T' '
.ds PI \(*p
'br\}
.\"	If the F register is turned on, we'll generate
.\"	index entries out stderr for the following things:
.\"		TH	Title 
.\"		SH	Header
.\"		Sh	Subsection 
.\"		Ip	Item
.\"		X<>	Xref  (embedded
.\"	Of course, you have to process the output yourself
.\"	in some meaninful fashion.
.if \nF \{
.de IX
.tm Index:\\$1\t\\n%\t"\\$2"
..
.nr % 0
.rr F
.\}
.TH ADDR2LINE 1 "binutils-2.11.90" "14/Sep/101" "GNU"
.UC
.if n .hy 0
.ds C+ C\v'-.1v'\h'-1p'\s-2+\h'-1p'+\s0\v'.1v'\h'-1p'
.de CQ          \" put $1 in typewriter font
.ft CW
'if n "\c
'if t \\&\\$1\c
'if n \\&\\$1\c
'if n \&"
\\&\\$2 \\$3 \\$4 \\$5 \\$6 \\$7
'.ft R
..
.\" @(#)ms.acc 1.5 88/02/08 SMI; from UCB 4.2
.	\" AM - accent mark definitions
.bd B 3
.	\" fudge factors for nroff and troff
.if n \{\
.	ds #H 0
.	ds #V .8m
.	ds #F .3m
.	ds #[ \f1
.	ds #] \fP
.\}
.if t \{\
.	ds #H ((1u-(\\\\n(.fu%2u))*.13m)
.	ds #V .6m
.	ds #F 0
.	ds #[ \&
.	ds #] \&
.\}
.	\" simple accents for nroff and troff
.if n \{\
.	ds ' \&
.	ds ` \&
.	ds ^ \&
.	ds , \&
.	ds ~ ~
.	ds ? ?
.	ds ! !
.	ds /
.	ds q
.\}
.if t \{\
.	ds ' \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H)'\'\h"|\\n:u"
.	ds ` \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H)'\`\h'|\\n:u'
.	ds ^ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*10/11-\*(#H)'^\h'|\\n:u'
.	ds , \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10)',\h'|\\n:u'
.	ds ~ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu-\*(#H-.1m)'~\h'|\\n:u'
.	ds ? \s-2c\h'-\w'c'u*7/10'\u\h'\*(#H'\zi\d\s+2\h'\w'c'u*8/10'
.	ds ! \s-2\(or\s+2\h'-\w'\(or'u'\v'-.8m'.\v'.8m'
.	ds / \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H)'\z\(sl\h'|\\n:u'
.	ds q o\h'-\w'o'u*8/10'\s-4\v'.4m'\z\(*i\v'-.4m'\s+4\h'\w'o'u*8/10'
.\}
.	\" troff and (daisy-wheel) nroff accents
.ds : \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H+.1m+\*(#F)'\v'-\*(#V'\z.\h'.2m+\*(#F'.\h'|\\n:u'\v'\*(#V'
.ds 8 \h'\*(#H'\(*b\h'-\*(#H'
.ds v \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*9/10-\*(#H)'\v'-\*(#V'\*(#[\s-4v\s0\v'\*(#V'\h'|\\n:u'\*(#]
.ds _ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*9/10-\*(#H+(\*(#F*2/3))'\v'-.4m'\z\(hy\v'.4m'\h'|\\n:u'
.ds . \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10)'\v'\*(#V*4/10'\z.\v'-\*(#V*4/10'\h'|\\n:u'
.ds 3 \*(#[\v'.2m'\s-2\&3\s0\v'-.2m'\*(#]
.ds o \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu+\w'\(de'u-\*(#H)/2u'\v'-.3n'\*(#[\z\(de\v'.3n'\h'|\\n:u'\*(#]
.ds d- \h'\*(#H'\(pd\h'-\w'~'u'\v'-.25m'\f2\(hy\fP\v'.25m'\h'-\*(#H'
.ds D- D\\k:\h'-\w'D'u'\v'-.11m'\z\(hy\v'.11m'\h'|\\n:u'
.ds th \*(#[\v'.3m'\s+1I\s-1\v'-.3m'\h'-(\w'I'u*2/3)'\s-1o\s+1\*(#]
.ds Th \*(#[\s+2I\s-2\h'-\w'I'u*3/5'\v'-.3m'o\v'.3m'\*(#]
.ds ae a\h'-(\w'a'u*4/10)'e
.ds Ae A\h'-(\w'A'u*4/10)'E
.ds oe o\h'-(\w'o'u*4/10)'e
.ds Oe O\h'-(\w'O'u*4/10)'E
.	\" corrections for vroff
.if v .ds ~ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*9/10-\*(#H)'\s-2\u~\d\s+2\h'|\\n:u'
.if v .ds ^ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*10/11-\*(#H)'\v'-.4m'^\v'.4m'\h'|\\n:u'
.	\" for low resolution devices (crt and lpr)
.if \n(.H>23 .if \n(.V>19 \
\{\
.	ds : e
.	ds 8 ss
.	ds v \h'-1'\o'\(aa\(ga'
.	ds _ \h'-1'^
.	ds . \h'-1'.
.	ds 3 3
.	ds o a
.	ds d- d\h'-1'\(ga
.	ds D- D\h'-1'\(hy
.	ds th \o'bp'
.	ds Th \o'LP'
.	ds ae ae
.	ds Ae AE
.	ds oe oe
.	ds Oe OE
.\}
.rm #[ #] #H #V #F C
.SH "NAME"
addr2line \- convert addresses into file names and line numbers.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
addr2line [\fB\-b\fR \fIbfdname\fR|\fB--target=\fR\fIbfdname\fR]
          [\fB\-C\fR|\fB--demangle\fR[=\fIstyle\fR]
          [\fB\-e\fR \fIfilename\fR|\fB--exe=\fR\fIfilename\fR]
          [\fB\-f\fR|\fB--functions\fR] [\fB\-s\fR|\fB--basename\fR]
          [\fB\-H\fR|\fB--help\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB--version\fR]
          [addr addr ...]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBaddr2line\fR translates program addresses into file names and line
numbers.  Given an address and an executable, it uses the debugging
information in the executable to figure out which file name and line
number are associated with a given address.
.PP
The executable to use is specified with the \fB\-e\fR option.  The
default is the file \fIa.out\fR.
.PP
\fBaddr2line\fR has two modes of operation.
.PP
In the first, hexadecimal addresses are specified on the command line,
and \fBaddr2line\fR displays the file name and line number for each
address.
.PP
In the second, \fBaddr2line\fR reads hexadecimal addresses from
standard input, and prints the file name and line number for each
address on standard output.  In this mode, \fBaddr2line\fR may be used
in a pipe to convert dynamically chosen addresses.
.PP
The format of the output is \fBFILENAME:LINENO\fR.  The file name and
line number for each address is printed on a separate line.  If the
\fB\-f\fR option is used, then each \fBFILENAME:LINENO\fR line is
preceded by a \fBFUNCTIONNAME\fR line which is the name of the function
containing the address.
.PP
If the file name or function name can not be determined,
\fBaddr2line\fR will print two question marks in their place.  If the
line number can not be determined, \fBaddr2line\fR will print 0.
.SH "OPTIONS"
The long and short forms of options, shown here as alternatives, are
equivalent.
.Ip "\fB\-b\fR \fIbfdname\fR" 4
.Ip "\fB--target=\fR\fIbfdname\fR" 4
Specify that the object-code format for the object files is
\fIbfdname\fR.
.Ip "\fB\-C\fR" 4
.Ip "\fB--demangle[=\fR\fIstyle\fR\fB]\fR" 4
Decode (\fIdemangle\fR) low-level symbol names into user-level names.
Besides removing any initial underscore prepended by the system, this
makes \*(C+ function names readable.  Different compilers have different
mangling styles. The optional demangling style argument can be used to 
choose an appropriate demangling style for your compiler. 
.Ip "\fB\-e\fR \fIfilename\fR" 4
.Ip "\fB--exe=\fR\fIfilename\fR" 4
Specify the name of the executable for which addresses should be
translated.  The default file is \fIa.out\fR.
.Ip "\fB\-f\fR" 4
.Ip "\fB--functions\fR" 4
Display function names as well as file and line number information.
.Ip "\fB\-s\fR" 4
.Ip "\fB--basenames\fR" 4
Display only the base of each file name.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
Info entries for \fIbinutils\fR.
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
Copyright (c) 1991, 92, 93, 94, 95, 96, 97, 98, 99, 2000, 2001 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
.PP
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.1
or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
with no Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no
Back-Cover Texts.  A copy of the license is included in the
section entitled \*(L"GNU Free Documentation License\*(R".

.rn }` ''
.IX Title "ADDR2LINE 1"
.IX Name "addr2line - convert addresses into file names and line numbers."

.IX Header "NAME"

.IX Header "SYNOPSIS"

.IX Header "DESCRIPTION"

.IX Header "OPTIONS"

.IX Item "\fB\-b\fR \fIbfdname\fR"

.IX Item "\fB--target=\fR\fIbfdname\fR"

.IX Item "\fB\-C\fR"

.IX Item "\fB--demangle[=\fR\fIstyle\fR\fB]\fR"

.IX Item "\fB\-e\fR \fIfilename\fR"

.IX Item "\fB--exe=\fR\fIfilename\fR"

.IX Item "\fB\-f\fR"

.IX Item "\fB--functions\fR"

.IX Item "\fB\-s\fR"

.IX Item "\fB--basenames\fR"

.IX Header "SEE ALSO"

.IX Header "COPYRIGHT"

