<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" []>
<topic id="replay" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Replay</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>Ratnadip Choudhury</author>
    <copyright>
      <copyryear year="2011"/>
      <copyrholder>ROBERT BOSCH ENGINEERING AND BUSINESS SOLUTIONS LIMITED</copyrholder>
    </copyright>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>Replay</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>User can replay messages from a BUSMASTER log file. User can choose multiple log files for replay in different modes. Please find more details to configure replay in section Log and Replay.</p>
    <p>The log file content can be filtered to choose interested messages alone. To add filters, select Filter option from Replay Configuration Window. Before starting replay, active filters will be applied on log file and resulting messages will be taken for replay.</p>
    <p>Replaying a log file shall be done in two methods. That is<ul>
        <li>Interactive and</li>
        <li>Non-Interactive</li>
      </ul></p>
    <p>In interactive replay mode, the log file content will be display as list of messages and user can navigate this list and can transmit interested messages. User can step through replay messages, can skip messages, can start message transmission continouosly and can insert break points.</p>
    <p>In non interactive mode, replay will start during tool connect and will be stopped during tool disconnect. In case of cyclic mode the replay will continue till tool disconnect and in monoshot or once, all messages will be transmitted only once and replay will start.</p>
    <p>Based on replay mode, user can configure replays in two different modes.<ul>
        <li>Single Run Mode and</li>
        <li>Cyclic Mode</li>
      </ul></p>
    <p>Please find more information on these modes on respective sections</p>
  </body>
</topic>
