<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" []>
<topic id="stcan_struct" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>J1939 Structures</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>Ratnadip Choudhury</author>
    <copyright>
      <copyryear year="2011"/>
      <copyrholder>ROBERT BOSCH ENGINEERING AND BUSINESS SOLUTIONS LIMITED</copyrholder>
    </copyright>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>J1939 Message Structures</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>J1939_MSG is the  message structure which accepts J1939 parameters and data.</p>
    <p><b>Example:</b></p>
    <p>J1939_MSG objMsg;</p>
    <table frame="all">
      <tgroup cols="2">
        <colspec colnum="1"/>
        <colspec colnum="2"/>
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry>
              <b>Member</b>
              <b>s of J1939_MSG</b>
            </entry>
            <entry>
              <b>Description</b>
            </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>
              <b>id</b>
            </entry>
            <entry>Extended CAN identifier used for J1939 message identification.Contains PGN, Priority, PDU Format, Pdu Specific and Source Address. Example: To set identifier, <b>objMsg.id</b><b> =</b><b>0x1cfefefe</b>.To get identifier, <b>unsigned int nId = <b>id</b></b>;</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>
              <b>dlc</b>
            </entry>
            <entry>Data Length in bytes [0-1784]</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>
              <b>cluster</b>
            </entry>
            <entry>channel on which the frame is received or to be transmitted</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>
              <b><b>data</b>[1785]</b>
            </entry>
            <entry>Message data</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>
              <b>timeStamp</b>
            </entry>
            <entry>Received frame timestamp in 100 microseconds</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>bool <b>byteAt</b>(int index, unsigned char val)</entry>
            <entry>To set data byte (8 bit). Possible index: [0-7]. Example: byteAt(0, 10); &apos;0&apos; is index, 10 is value</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>bool <b>wordAt</b>(int index, unsigned short val)</entry>
            <entry>To set data word (16 bit). Possible index: [0-3]. Example: wordAt(0, 10); &apos;0&apos; is index, 10 is value.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>bool <b>longAt</b>(int index, unsigned long val)</entry>
            <entry>To set data word (32 bit). Possible index: [0-1]. Example: longAt(0, 10); &apos;0&apos; is index, 10 is value. </entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
    <p><b>Accessing J1939 specific parameters:</b></p>
    <p><table frame="all">
        <tgroup cols="2">
          <colspec colname="c1"/>
          <colspec colname="c2"/>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <b>Parameter</b>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <b>Description</b>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <b>extendedId</b>
              </entry>
              <entry>Extended CAN identifier used for J1939 message identification. Example: id.extendedId = 0x1cfefefe</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>void <b>setId</b>(unsigned int _extendedId)</entry>
              <entry>To set extended identifier. Example: id.setId(0x1cfefefe);</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>void <b>setPGN</b>(unsigned int _pgn)</entry>
              <entry>To set Parameter Group Number. Example: id.setPGN(0xfefe);</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>void <b>setPriority</b>(unsigned char _priority)</entry>
              <entry>To set Priority parameter in PGN. Example: id.setPriority(1);</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>void <b>setPDUFormat</b>(unsigned char _pduFormat)</entry>
              <entry>To set PDU Format in PGN. Example: id.setPDUFormat(0xfe);</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>void <b>setPDUSpecific</b>(unsigned char _pduSpecific)</entry>
              <entry>To set PDU Specific in PGN. Example: id.setPDUSpecific(0xfe);</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>void <b>setDataPage</b>(unsigned char _dataPage)</entry>
              <entry>To set data Page in PGN</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>void <b>setSourceAddress</b>(unsigned char _sourceAddress)</entry>
              <entry>To set Source Address. Example: id.setSourceAddress(0xfe);</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>unsigned int <b>getPGN</b>()</entry>
              <entry>To get PGN of J1939 message. Example: unsigned int pgn = id.getPGN();</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>unsigned char <b>getPriority</b>()</entry>
              <entry>To get Priority. Example: unsigned char priority = id.getPriority();</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>unsigned char <b>getPDUFormat</b>()</entry>
              <entry>To get Pdu Format. Example: unsigned char pduFormat = id.getPDUFormat();</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>unsigned char <b>getPDUSpecific</b>()</entry>
              <entry>To get Pdu Specific. Example: unsigned char pduSpecific = id.getPDUSpecific();</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>unsigned char <b>getDataPage</b>()</entry>
              <entry>To get data page. Example: unsigned char dataPage = id.getDataPage();</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>unsigned char <b>getSourceAddress</b>()</entry>
              <entry>To get Source Address. Example: unsigned char nPduSpecific = id.getSourceAddress();</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table></p>
  </body>
</topic>
